hey guys what's up so today I got a
package from duct tape lover and um I'm
pretty excited to know what's in here
because I'm pretty sure she was just
ordering from me and then she sent me
some extras so thank you so much so I'm
opening it on camera and tired for the
background is just to make this video
click and I didn't cover up addresses
but I've never seen this tape in person
I don't think but yeah okay okay so I'm
just gonna pull it out one by one so wow
thank you so much up me um these
plastics so she sent me a couple of
plastics and top loaders which I really
needed poplar trees then she sent me
some really cold bags and then here is
the money for her stuff and then she
also sent me the note davis not way to
see my wallets sent you six minutes PS
enjoyed that so yeah thank you so much
for that and then she also sent me this
wallet with really cool packaging and
there's her business card so that is
cool and the wallet thank you so much
for sending me these actions you really
don't have to do that like you guys are
honestly so nice whoa this is really
cool I've never had the secretary tape
and hollis funny I was talking and then
well but I've never had the Sega cheese
tape before which looks so cool on my
dash wow I really like this the color
combo to is pretty cool thank you so
much and the zip up
is the struggle very very strong so
thanks for that and then she also sent
me Wow oh my gosh thank you so much she
literally sent me a roll of old graffiti
that is very nice of her thank you so
much k that means a lot while you did
not have to do this that is so nice you
guys are honestly the best like that is
this really nice of you to send me like
extra stuff when you're ordering for me
so thank you so much you guys be sure to
go check her out I'll probably have her
link in the description for um our
youtube channel and be sure to like
check her out and all of that stuff not
trying to show her name but yep because
this yeah but be sure to check our out
and all of that stuff thank you so much
k like no one's ever send me a roll of
tape as an extra so thank you so much
and yeah thank you guys so much for
watching you guys are the best I love
you and I will be having a giveaway up
soon for 1.4 k so thank god so much for
watching it okay guys next time ye hey
guys guess what I love you all bye this
is clear this isn't even gonna end them
bye